Adding calc of rsun_obs to make_fitswcs_header (#5177)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5177.bugfix.rst

> Added "rsun_obs" to the output of `sunpy.map.make_fitswcs_header` if "rsun" is in the coordinate argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a "rsun_obs" keyword to the output of :func:`sunpy.map.make_fitswcs_header` if the coordinate argument has a `rsun` frame attribute.
```
